# Individual Self Assessment Deliverable

## Self-assesment
### Roles and responsibilities
For this project, my role was to create visual representation of our data, I was in charge of putting together Tableau contents for our audience to better understand the results of our investigation. Two of my teammates were in charge of collecting and merging data about video games sales from different parts of the world, another person was in charge of making sure all our commits were merged to the main branch, we were getting enough commits done during the week and just being in charge of our github in general, another member took responsibility in helping the rest of the members in each task and also making sure our presentation was up to date with our progress and in perfect condition for our presentation day.
### Personal challenge
My greatest personal challenge was having to not only depend on other people to progress in the project but also being dependent on, all of us could only work on our part of the project certain days during the week since we all had jobs and families so to make sure we were all on the same page we tried getting together whenever we could which of course was hard for most of the weeks. We tried doing most of the work were we needed our team members opinion on during class time but it was almost never enough time so we would mostly communicated trough slack. I was lucky to have great team members and at the end we were able to present a project we are actually proud of.

## Team assessment
### Team work
I believe I had a great team from the beginning of the project we would mostly communicate trough slack, which was almost daily, to update each other on the progress that was being made on the presentation. When someone was stuck in a part of the process, we would make sure there was always at least one person available to assist and reached out to TA’s or Jesse when all the team members were out of options to solve a problem. The only thing which probably had done differently was meeting at the times we decided to from the beginning, of course we all had lives outside of the project so all of us being together at the same time to participate in the project was rather difficult at times, but we took into consideration the people that could not make it and messaged them through slack all the decisions that were being made at the moment.
The biggest strength we had as a team was always being available for each other and definitely communication, we were never shy to share our opinions even when something was not of our liking, and we would respect each other opinions and tried to give alternative solutions as well. The only tip I would have would be to make sure everyone has a say in the presentation and to not try to control everything when it’s supposed to be a team effort collective project.

## Summary of the project
### Video Game Sales Analysis
As described in our github for our project, we will be laying the foundation for our analysis by processing and exploring a large amount of data on video game sales. The dataset contains information regarding the sales of video games across various regions like North America, Europe, Japan and also globally, while also giving information regarding the Names, Publishers and Platforms. The data was cleaned and filtered to display the three primary consoles for this analysis. Data from two other sources were combined in order to create the database and add additional data points. Once in python, the global and other countries categories were combined in order to create one. The final result was,  there is a correlation between certain genres, their sales, and the country they were sold in; for example, shooting games in North America sale better than in Japan.
